This video was recorded at Padma Samye Ling Monastery and Retreat Center on April 4, 2008.
This video was recorded at Padma Samye Ling Monastery and Retreat Center on April 5, 2008.
This video was recorded at Padma Samye Ling Monastery and Retreat Center on April 4, 2009.
This video was recorded at Padma Samye Ling Monastery and Retreat Center on April 4, 2008.
Now the fourth truth, when you follow the fourth truth, then what we revert or what is the fourth
truth, again, Buddha said, fourth truth, cessation truth. Cessation truth, that means what is
ceased,
is all the unnatural things are now stopped. Ceased, unnatural things, all negative emotions,
ego clinging, suffering, all that is stopped because they are not natural and now you just
follow the natural, now unnatural things are stopped. This cessation truth is then in Sanskrit
known as nirvana. And that is the final result. And there is nirvana, the truth or the cessation
truth comes from the following path, path of the true nature. And by that we discover the
whole panoramic nature, the wholesome that nature without it diluted where the natures are. And
that
is known as then nirvana, the blasphemous nature or freedom free from all the suffering, the
chaos, the confusion status where the nature we discover. And then other terminology
in the Mahayana known as Buddhahood or Buddhahood of the dharmakaya, sambhokaya, narmakaya,
all those names the terminology use.
And they are then connected this truth and the path is connected to the achievement or
the result or the cessation truth. The cessation truth is like result and the path is cause and
they are cause and effect.